Huh?!
Cha!
Rasengan!
Whuaaa?!
Augh! Agh! Hunh!
Stooop--!
You have to
pay attention.
When you're up against
puppets, you can't let
yourself get
distracted by them.
Just focus on the chakra
threads being used to
control the puppets.
Naruto, why didn't
you use the Chakra
Blade on them?
What?!
Let chakra flow into your sword
and cut the chakra threads.
That's how you stop puppets.
Come on! We learned
about this already!
Right. Sure, I remember now!
More importantly, where
the hell did that puppet
master Mukade run off to?!
[Naruto]
What's this big hole?!
[Yamato]
Mukade's trying to
get to the Ley Line.
It's under the
ruins of Loran.
Ley Line?
Don't you remember? It's a
huge mass of energy that
flows underground here.
There's an almost infinite
amount of chakra hidden in
the earth beneath us.
[Naruto]
Whoa.
Yamato...
You will lead Team 7,
Naruto, Sakura and Sai.
Go to the ruins of Loran in the
desert of the Land of Wind.
As part of our pact with the
Hidden Sand, we're to capture
the Rogue Ninja Mukade.
[Naruto]
Is that it?
Mukade is trying to get
to the Ley Line that
lies beneath Loran.
The Ley Line is an immense
source of chakra energy.
It was sealed away by the
Fourth Hokage's Jutsu Formula.
Your orders are to protect that
Sealing Formula with your lives!
That's it.
That's the Fourth Hokage's
Sealing Formula.
[Sai]
Mukade!
Well, it looks like you're too
late to try to stop my plans.
I'll possess the power of
the Ley Line and use it
to fuel my Puppet Jutsu.
And then I shall rule over not
just the Five Great Nations,
but the entire universe!
I highly
doubt it.
You'll never be able
to break the seal that
the Fourth Hokage
placed upon it.
Oh, yes, I'm well
aware of that.
What are you doing?
I'll just absorb the
Sealing Formula!
On Mayura Girante Sowaka!
Uh-oh.
Hyeah!
Damn it!
No! Don't do it!
Wood Style: Giant Forest!
Captain Yamato!
Naruto!
♪ A light rises
above the tower
♪ Bursting with
emotion
♪ That path of the dragon
which must be protected
♪ looks to the sky, reflecting
itself on to the blade
♪ Even if the sands and
winds turn violent
♪ The bright sun
blooms proudly
♪And its flowers
dance as they fall
♪ A light
spirals-- ♪
Hey.
[gasp]
Where are we?
Ah! Hey, wait!
Uh!
What was that?
[grinding stone]
Wait! Hold on!
Huh?
Whoa...
Where am I?!
Whoa... How cool!
All the buildings
here are so tall!
Hm?
Agh!
What the hell are
those things?!
Shadow Clone--
Whoa! Wah! Huah!
They're puppets!
Damn it, Mukade!
Where are you?!
What the hell is going on here?!
You gotta be kidding!
How many of these
things are here?!
Whoaa! Wahh!
Augh! Gah!
Damn it!
They're pissing me off!
Naruto, why didn't you use
the Chakra Blade on them?
I forgot!
The Chakra Blade!
Unhh!
Damn it!
There's just too many of them,
I'm not going to be able to keep
up with my Chakra Blade!
Agh!
Huh?
Again?!
Partial Expansion Jutsu!
Ninja Art:
Beetle Sphere!
I've never seen
puppets like that.
Seems like they're
powered by chakra
from the Ley Line.
And you guys?
Who're you?
You're a Hidden Leaf shinobi?
We're from the Hidden Leaf, too.
We really should
tend to that wound
of yours right away.
Well, well. So those
intruders evaded my
Puppet Unit.
Very impressive indeed.
There, that
should do it.
Thanks, but you didn't answer
my question; who are you?
Sorry, but I can't
tell you that.
Then, can you at least
tell me where we are?
This is Loran.
What?! Are you kidding me?!
That's impossible!
We don't have time to
go into all the details.
But the short version is
we're here because we have
a mission to complete.
I need you to leave the
city until it's done.
I can tell you more then.
Look. You can find
the main gate if you
turn left over there.
Uh...
Okay? Do I have your promise?
But--
What was that about?
I can't leave;
-I- have a mission!
Hey, hold on.
Where is everyone?
this really is an
amazing place.
Is it true?
Is this really Loran?
It must be.
Loran was surrounded
by desert.
I remember when I-
Wait, that's right!
I gotta go find my
teammates!
[firework pop]
Huh?
[cheering]
Your Majesty!
Your Majesty?
I miss you, Mother.
♪ A light rises
above the tower ♪
[older woman sings]
♪ And the bright sun
blooms proudly ♪
♪ And its flowers
dance as they fall ♪
Remember, the day will come
when the task of singing this
song of peace and happiness to
all the people of this fair city
will fall to you, Sara.
Yeah?
All right, so would you like
to practice with me, then?
Yes, Mother!
Very much so!
[both]
♪ A light spirals
♪ To the garden
♪ that shall cut the
dragon's hand. ♪
[door opens]
What are you doing in
here, Queen Sara.
Your people are
awaiting you anxiously,
so they may sing your
praises.
And you must give honor to
this beautiful city of Loran,
which you and your mother
practically built.
The time has come for you
to stand before your people
and smile upon them,
And for you to guide them
in your mother's place.
Are you ready?
[sniffs]
Yes, Anrokuzan!
[cheering]
It's the Queen!
Her Majesty, Queen Sara!
Huh?
She's the Queen?!
Her Majesty the Queen!
I should ask her.
I bet she knows
something!
Ah!
Aaaahhhh!!
Uhh..
Huh?!
You're safe now;
no need to be afraid.
Augh! Ow! Ow! Ow!
Unhand me!
What the hell?! Listen-
OWW!!
You insolent boy!
What is your problem?!
I just saved your life!
Did you forget that part?!
Huh?! Oh, yes,
of course, how
silly of me.
Thanks.
What's with this girl?
He's so uncouth!
So you're the queen
of this place, huh?
I am Sara, the high queen of
Loran, if that's what you mean.
Loran?
Oh! And I'm Naruto Uzumaki.
A shinobi from the Hidden Leaf.
So this place is known as Loran
too, huh? Because I was just in
a Loran a little while ago and
it was a total wreck, a ruin.
How dare you
say that to me!
Loran's the city I
inherited from my mother.
It's more precious to me
than life itself!
Oh, Uh. Boy, I just
don't understand
what's going on here.
Anyway, what
happened up there?
How come you fell
from the tower?
[gasp]
It felt as though someone
pushed me from behind.
[gasp] Seriously?!
Is someone trying
to kill you?
What?! No! Who would ever
want to do something like
that to me, the queen?!
[cheering]
You saw! My people were
showering me with adoration!
But you just said
someone pushed you!
Yes, well...
I probably
just imagined
all that!
[gasp]
So, you didn't
keep your promise!
Hey, I had no choice!
I saw this girl fall
off that tower! What
was I supposed to do?
Excuse me!
Just who are
you people?!
Hold on, don't tell
me you're here to
assassinate her!
Look, just relax.
Don't get the wrong idea.
We're here to protect
the Queen, too.
[Naruto]
Puppet attacks
out of nowhere,
The ruins of Loran
suddenly turning into
this amazing city,
I don't have any clue at
all what's going on here!
If you know something,
please, guys, just tell me!
Ah, the grand opening's
finally here!
Half-price ramen?!
Awesome!
Oh, man!
Hey, there!
Jiraiya Sensei!
Come with me for
a minute willya?
Now watch carefully.
And be amazed!
What do you think?!
This is the Hidden Jutsu
that you took three full
years to perfect!
And I've mastered it already!
Isn't that incredible?
It's amazing!
I'm impressed,
Jiraiya Sensei!
Ha ha ha ha!
I know, right!
But, I'm in a
hurry, so...
Huh?
Hey, wait...
[giggle] Oh, boy!
I just can't wait
to eat some of that
awesome ramen!
Mr. Teuchi's gutsy noodles!
And soup for the soul!
I'll enjoy each drop with
every fiber of my being!
To create delicious flavors,
that's also the Will of Fire.
Hunh.
All this excitement just for
some ramen noodles! It's
absolutely ridiculous!
Huh?
You're one to talk,
Kakashi Hatake!
You're standing in
line to eat, too.
Minato Sensei!
Is it a mission?
That's right.
We're assembling now.
Don't you want any of
Mr. Teuchi's ramen?!
Unlike you, I'm too busy for
that kind of stuff. Later!
I really can't stand
that guy at all!
Me either.
...And that is the overview
of your assignment.
Minato Namikaze.
Choza Akimichi.
Shibi Aburame...
Depart for Loran right away.
Understood.
But Lord Third Hokage.
I'd like to get your permission
to include this shinobi,
Kakashi Hatake, on the mission.
You have something in
mind for this young man?
I do. He may still be young but
he's also extremely talented.
Very well.
That's Loran.
Minato Sensei, what will
I be doing on this mission?
I have something special that
I want you to handle for me.
Do you think that
you're up to it?
Yes! I'll do my best!
I guess it can't
be helped.
I hate to do this,
and I can't tell
you everything,
but I'll tell you what
you need to know.
The Hidden Leaf Village sent us
here on a top-secret mission.
You're right about one thing.
This isn't the Loran
that you know.
But if my guess about
this is correct,
You came from Loran
in the future.
The future...
The future?!
Yeah. I didn't want to tell
you anything because if
someone from the future
alters something in this era,
the events of history
could be drastically changed.
This is roughly twenty years
before your own time.
And another shinobi
from the future came
here six years ago.
Like you, he just suddenly
found himself here.
His name is Mukade.
Huh? The guy my
team's after has
the same name!
Auuauughh!
I don't understand
any of this at all!
Please, just tell me
what happened to you.
We'll start from there.
We may be able to
learn something.
The four of us,
We followed Mukade
to the Ley Line.
But before we could stop him,
he absorbed the Jutsu Formula
into his body.
And then,
Both you and Mukade must
have somehow been carried
backward in time via the
Transportation Technique.
I still don't really get it.
So does that mean I can
never go back home?
Hmm. You said he absorbed
the Jutsu Formula into
his body, right?
Maybe if you defeat Mukade,
time will correct itself and
you'll return to the future.
You think so?!
I'm not sure. But either way,
we must bring Mukade down.
Or all of time
will be disrupted.
Wait, I remember now!
I knew it! That's why you
look familiar! Ha HA!
You look like the Mountainside
Image of the Fourth Hokage.
Now that's a funny thing to say;
there have only been three
Hokage in the Leaf up till now.
But he came from
the future;
it's a different
now for him.
That's enough about the future.
It's dangerous; knowing too much
could lead us to change history.
Uh?
The power of the Ley Line
is deep underground,
beneath Loran.
Mukade is using that power
to develop formidable
puppet soldiers.
Ah!
I will possess all the
power of the Ley Line,
and then I'll use it to
fuel my Puppet Jutsu.
And then I shall rule over not
just the Five Great Nations,
but the entire universe!
Yeah, that's right,
Mukade said he'd--
Enough!
I demand you stop
speaking such lies!
It wasn't some evil shinobi
named Mukade who appeared in
the city six years ago, it was
a good man named Anrokuzan.
And today, Anrokuzan serves as
my minister and has faithfully
carried out my mother's wishes.
He loves peace;
he would never
develop military weapons.
And I won't stand for
you speaking ill of him!
I beg your pardon, Your Majesty,
I don't mean to upset you.
But this man has
been deceiving you.
[gasp]
I refuse to believe
such tales!
In fact, if anyone's
suspicious here, it's you!
Hey, where are you going?!
I'm going to go ask
him about this myself!
Wait! You almost got
killed a little while ago!
What if Ankuru- An-
Argh!
Mukade was behind it?!
(om bit at a loss, concerned
reax)
I think we should split up.
I want you to stay with
Queen Sara and keep her safe.
Look, I don't mind
guarding Sara at all,
but my real mission
is to capture Mukade!
This entire mess got
started because my
team let him get away
in the first place!
It'll be faster if
we look for him;
we're familiar
with this city.
Besides, we can't include
you in a mission that's
already in progress.
You should know that since
you're a Hidden Leaf shinobi.
Plus, protecting Sara
is just as important.
All right, I see what you mean,
you convinced me.
We can't forget about Sara
when her life's on the line.
Here.
Huh?
This kunai looks
really familiar.
I had that one made
special for me.
But you hang on to it
for now, and if you're
ever in need, I'll come
to your aid immediately.
[Naruto]
This is the kunai used in
the Sealing Formula...
Then that means he's--!
Say, mister--
You'd better get going, kid.
We're working against
time here.
Oh. Okay, see you later.
Make sure that you take
good care of Sara.
They know nothing about
Anrokuzan! Nothing at all!
How could Naruto and those
others make such accusations?
All right, then,
Where is she?
Huh?
I will prove that Anrokuzan
is innocent of these charges!
Unh!
Aah!
These people...
So it's true! There are people
who wish to see me dead!
Is it you? Are you
really Queen Sara?
Yes! And I won't be
treated this way!
If you wish to kill me, have
the courage to stop hiding
in the shadows and do it!
Return them!
What?!
Return what?
If you don't, who knows
what'll happen to you!
Yeah!
Return them!
That's right!
We mean it!
Sara!
Get away from her!
Nyeh! Please don't kill me!
I don't want to die!
Huh?!
[Naruto]
Who the heck are you guys?
My name's Sarai, and--
I'm not a bad guy, I swear!
And my name's Masako.
I'm sorry; forgive us.
We just wanted Queen Sara to
hear our plea, and we couldn't
get to talk to her otherwise.
What are you guys
talking about?
All right, just tell me:
what do you want me to return?
[cheering, festival music]
How beautiful!
Huh?
It's so wonderful to see the
parade from down here, isn't it?
I think you're
missing the--
A while ago, Anrokuzan
started this parade
in my honor.
I was still grieving over
the sudden loss of my mother.
So he and my people
tried to cheer me up.
You know, that's
kinda funny.
And what is so
funny about it?!
That all of your people
actually just make fun
of you and call you the
Puppet Princess.
What?! But why would
they call me that?!
Hush now! Not another word!
Okay.
Please try to
forgive Sarai,
Your Majesty.
But still, I don't blame him for
speaking what's on his mind.
All of us have had close
family members taken
away from us suddenly.
And all because of
the orders you gave.
Wait, is that true?
No, it's a lie!
I've never given
such an order!
[Sarai]
Masako isn't lying to you!
I know it's happening,
'cause my own dad and
brother were taken away.
[Masako]
It's rumored that
somewhere in our land,
the captured people
are being used to
manufacture weapons.
So we had no choice but to
make a direct appeal to you.
That masked guy from my village
said something about that, too.
So?! It's still a lie!
If what they're
saying were true,
then why would all my people be
so happy and continue to cheer
me on the way that they do?!
But nobody in this city is
really happy, Queen Sara.
What are you talking about?!
Just look! There are happy
citizens all around you!
Huh?
Look. It's a puppet.
What!?
All of those "people,"
they're all puppets.
Sara...
Just watch. I'll show you.
See the chakra threads coming
out of that big pipe up there?
Energy from the Ley Line flows
through that pipe to bring
power to the whole city.
Then that pipe must also be
delivering the chakra that's
powering all of the puppets.
[fanfare]
Hm?
[fireworks]
[cheering]
What is that?!
What is going on here?
Just what it looks like.
Mukade has turned you
into a puppet, too!
No way! I won't
believe that!
Anrokuzan would never
do such a thing!
Wait! Sara!
Sara!
[wooden rattling]
Where are you going?! Come back!
Wait!
[wooden rattling gets louder]
Sara!
Ah man! Where the
hell did she go?!
♪ Bursting with
emotion...
♪ That path of
the dragon...
[Naruto]
You were singing that song,
the first time I saw you.
I remember how my mother
used to sit there and sing
it to me all the time.
It was Anrokuzan who
convinced my mother to use
the power of the Ley Line for
the good of all our people.
Through my mother's
ability to control the
Ley Line and Anrokuzan's
engineering skills,
Loran was transformed into
a city of a thousand towers
in practically no time!
But then, my mother died before
all her hopes and dreams for
our city could be realized.
When my mother died,
I had no one left in
my life aside from
Anrokuzan.
I really had... no one at all...
I don't have parents, either.
But I had a Master
called Pervy Sage.
He's also gone now.
But even still, he
left me something
very precious.
He passed on to me his gutsy
Ninja Way of never giving up
on something once you make
up your mind to do it.
I bet that your mother
left you something
precious, too.
Yes, she did!
Well, then,
You've gotta think really hard
about what your mother left you.
And figure out what
you have to do now.
I'm sure you'll
find the answer.
Look inside yourself.
Do what you have to do.
And never, ever give up.
Here it is; I have to
find out the truth about
what's going on in loran!
As Queen, I am able to sense
the power of the Ley Line.
If I follow the flow of
power in that pipe, maybe
we'll learn something.
[Naruto]
Let's do it!
This exhaust vent leads
all the way down
to the central core that
contains the Ley Line itself.
Don't worry, if we find
your families, I'll make
sure to rescue them.
But for now, stay here and
wait with the others.
You'll help us?
I give you my word as Queen
that we'll get them all out.
Mm.
Come on, we
should go back.
Don't forget!
I won't, just leave it to us!
Now let's go.
Okay.
Aah!
What is this?!
Look! Puppet
Soldiers!
I just can't believe it.
Anrokuzan is really using my
people to create weapons?!
What now?
What I have to do.
I'm going to stop him!
I need you to get
me down there.
And quickly!
Naruto, please!
I can cut off the power
from the Ley Line there.
All right!
Let's go; just hang on tight!
[gulp]
I'll need you to stay
here, all right?
You got it.
I, the Queen of Loran,
command you.
Ley Line! Let thy flow
now cease. And quell the
power that's within thee!
Kyu Kyu Nyo Ritsu Ryo.
[machinery winding down]
There, it's all
shut down.
The energy from the
Ley Line flowing into
the factory has
ceased completely.
Way to go, Sara!
Okay, now's our chance.
Huh?
[Anrokuzan]
Your Majesty, this is
quite a surprise.
What are you doing here?
It's Anrokuzan!
Huh?
That's Anrokuzan?!
I stopped the flow of the Ley
Line! I will not allow its
power to be used for warfare!
As your Queen, I order
you to stop production of
these Puppet Soldiers,
and to release all these
unfortunate citizens
that you've captured and
forced into labor!
I see. So you know
that much about what
I've been doing.
Well, if that's the case,
Sara, then I cannot
allow you to live.
A puppet will be a suitable
enough replacement for you.
And besides, my Puppet Army
is already complete.
I no longer have a need
for the Ley Line's power
that you've cut off.
Go, Sara, take
everyone and run!
What about you?
I'm going to
capture this guy.
Go on, go!
Okay.
Tell me, Is that
really you, Mukade?
You sure put on
some weight!
Hmf. Leave it to a
Hidden Leaf Shinobi to
fill the Queen's head
with noble nonsense.
It's been six years since
I saw you, hasn't it?!
Hah! Not for me;
it was only yesterday!
I don't know how you got so
fat, but as long as you admit
that you're Mukade, I'm not
letting you get away!
Hm hm hm.
Mukade, huh?
I put that hoodlum's
name behind me long ago.
I'm now Lord Minister
Anrokuzan of Loran,
and I control this city!
Raaah!
Minister, my ass!
All right...
Fine!
[chuckle]
I told you my Puppet Army
was complete, and now
I'll test it on you!
I'll open a path.
And then you make
a run for it.
Okay!
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Now, go on! Run!
Right!
Hmf!
Very well!
Naruto!
Hng! Rrgh!
[superior chuckle]
Eh hm hm hm hm.
You can't escape.
Can't muster up any strength?
That's because the puppet
that now surrounds you is
siphoning off your chakra.
Please stop this, Anrokuzan!
You know, I have to say,
I really should thank
you, Queen Sara.
You took your late
mother's place,
And in your role as Queen,
you were able to help me
bring this grand scheme of
mine to fruition.
But I'm afraid that now,
you are no longer useful to me.
So the time has come
for you to die, just
as your mother did.
Don't tell me...
You're the one who
killed my Mother!
Did you just now realize
the truth, Sara?
Well, your mother was a much
shrewder Queen than you!
She saw through me right from
the start and completely refused
to cooperate with my plan.
I couldn't have asked
for a more ideal
puppet than you, Sara.
A puppet virtually asking
to be controlled by me.
Hm.
However, it's time for me
to make the final switch
and rule this city myself.
Mukade!
I'm your enemy here!
Forget her!
Sara! Snap out of it!
[sobbing]
Listen!
You are not a puppet,
you hear me?!
Aaahhh!!
Hrmf!
What!
What's going on?!
That chakra is immense!
You're the Queen! Don't cry!
Don't you even start!
You have to do what
you have to do!
I'll take care of this guy.
Don't you worry about that!
Hm hm hm hm.
What could you do
to me now, anyway?
You can't even
move your limbs!
HaaaaAAAAAA!
That's enough!
While I'm in Loran,
my power is infinite!
Hm hm hm hm.
Hm heh ha ha ha ha ha!
Heh heh heh heh heh!
Behold my ultimate body,
brimming with endless power!
Whoa, no way...
What's with that thing?!
Hee heh heh heh heh heh.
You and Sara will die here!
There's nowhere to run!
Damn it! No!
Gyah!
Huh?
Hey. You all right?
What?!
It looks like the plan worked.
Explode!
Get Queen Sara out of
here while you can!
Right!
Go on, Sara, hurry!
Free all the captives
and get to safety, fast!
Huh? Oh, yeah. Right!
Okay! Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Let's do this!
You got it!
Damn you, Sara!
You won't escape!
Rasengan!
Listen to me!
We've got to get
out of here now!
It's too dangerous to stay!
There! Now hurry up and get
the rest of these chains off.
And then follow me!
Your families are all
waiting for you above
ground!
Come on! This way!
Huuaagghhh...
Whoa, he can
still move?!
Don't let your guard down yet.
We can't be sure what else
this guy's capable of.
Don't think that I'm
done with you yet!
Rrrmh!
Didn't I tell you that my
power here is infinite?
I've had enough!
Multi Shadow
Clone Jutsu!
Haaaaaaa!
Choza, go!
On it!
Partial Expansion Jutsu!
How dare you?!
Shibi!
Ninja Art:
Beetle Sphere!
What is this?!
We did it.
Huh?
Not again!
Witness my ultimate power:
boundless, merciless, and
thirsty for your blood.
My Puppet Army!
This is now my new
flesh and bone!
What's that?!
Look! It's dad!
Big brother!
My beloved!
Dad! I never thought I
would see you again!
I just can't get over it! I
really never thought that I'd
see you again!
Queen Sara! Thank you!
You kept your promise,
and we will never
forget that!
Everyone, we have to get
out of here immediately!
It's dangerous!
Huah!
Nice try! But you're never
going to shake me off!
Naruto!
Sara! I'll take care
of him somehow;
you just get everyone
out of here!
But--!
You've got to keep
your people safe!
You're the Queen!
Understood.
Huh?
That's it!
Everybody, listen!
Please, follow me!
But where are
we going?
We're going to run to
the central square.
[uncertain murmurs]
Come on Dad, big brother,
I say we go with her!
Please trust me!
I have an idea!
After what she did, we should
all have faith in Her Majesty!
Do you really
think we should?
Yes. Let's go.
This way!
I'm the one you need
to worry about now!
Don't get in my way,
Leaf brat!
I don't get it.
Why's he so determined
to stop Sara?
You're right, there must be a
reason he's so focused on her.
So Naruto, you have to protect
Sara for a little longer!
What?!
There's something
we have to do!
You can count on me!
All right then.
I'm on it!
Huh, that's weird.
Why do I just automatically
do whatever he asks?
Well, whatever.
[weary panting]
We've come far enough!
The towers will serve
as a barrier.
That monster won't be
able to get near us.
[relieved sighs]
[explosion]
[gasps]
Oh, no... It can't be!
Sara!
Everyone, get back!
Augh!
Queen Sara!
It won't budge!
You guys go!
Sara!
You're nothing but a foolish,
weak puppet princess!
You've outlived your usefulness.
Now just stay still...
and die!
HaaaAAA!
Naruto...
Listen to me, you're
not just a puppet!
Now you go and do
what you have to do!
Augh, Damn it!
Naruto...
Do what I have to do.
Mother...
♪ That path of the dragon,
which must be protected
♪ looks to the sky,
reflecting itself
on to the blade
♪ A light spirals
to the garden
♪ that shall cut the
dragon's hand
♪ The shadow of days
past-- ♪
[gasp]
Aurgghh!
Sorry we're late.
Hey.
[Sara]
Naruto!
Huh??
[gasps]
I know I can protect all
of my people if I stop the
Ley Line at its source.
That's it! That's
why Mukade wants to
stop you so badly!
You know the garden
where I first saw you?
The power of the Ley Line can't
reach there, so Anrokuzan won't
be able to get too close.
That'll work!
Nice one!
All right!
Please listen!
I know of a safe
place away from
the Ley Line!
So, let's head there right now!
If we can reach it, that monster
won't be able to get us!
Let's go!
Sure! We're all with you!
Yes. That's right!
Queen Sara!
Yeah!
We're with you, Queen Sara!
[Mukade]
Sara!
I cannot allow you
to live any longer!
Go on, Sara! Don't give up!
Find the courage to do this!
I will!
Come on,
everyone,
hurry!
There's no way you're
gonna get past me!
Wait! It's a job
for my team to do!
Huh?
Guard Sara. It'll save
time if we split up
the duties like that.
Come on, you've got
to be kidding me!
Sorry, Naruto,
they're right.
He's powerful. We have to
put up as many lines of
defense as possible.
Yeah, but...
We'll go underground here!
Quickly, everyone!
Have faith in us!
Now let's go!
Okay, let's do this!
Good luck.
I'm counting
on you!
Sara! I won't let you
get to that Ley Line!
You don't get
to say that!
Unless you're able
to defeat us!
What is this? The ground is--
Ninja Art:
Insect Deception Jutsu!
Rrgh! Hauughrr!!
That's right, you monster.
It's over for you now!
My insects can devour
any amount of chakra!
Take care of the rest, Choza!
You got it!
Huaaaaa!
Yes!
He's absorbing more chakra!
Even my insects
can't devour it all!
This is nothing!
I have more chakra
than you can ever imagine!
It doesn't matter how
much chakra he's amassed,
he's still only a puppet.
There has to be
a limit, right?
No. His power is infinite!
Looks like those towers are
transmitting chakra that's been
transformed into plasma.
Puppet Rotation!
Thought so.
What is it?
What's the matter?!
Mukade.
He's absorbing all the
power of the Ley Line.
And unless we're able to
seal it off, he'll have
an infinite amount of chakra.
Seriously?!
But even if he does have that
much chakra, there's always a
weakness somewhere.
[rumbling explosion]
Anrokuzan!!
Sara!
Get everyone out!
Right! Come on!
Gotta hold him off till Sara
gets everyone to safety.
Rasengan!
Agh...
I'll take over here.
You have to keep Sara safe.
No way!
You can't fight him head on.
But I have a way to uncover
what his weakness might be.
So please, go.
Pshh. Yeah, okay.
Shuriken Shadow Clone Jutsu!
There! That's his weak spot!
What?! He regenerates so fast!
Graahhhh!
There's an inner garden
through those doors behind me!
And the power of the
Ley Line can't get inside!
He's almost here!
Hurry, Sara!
Right!
No, it's...
What is it?!
The impact of the towers falling
must have jammed the lock;
it won't open!
It what?!
Oh no! What are we gonna do?
Hnngh!
HAAAAAAA!
Unhh!
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
My beloved!
Big brother!
Speak to me!
My love!
Are you all right?!
[Naruto]
HaaaAAAA!
I'm never gonna stop!
Naruto...
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Please, it has to open!
Please!
Open...
Huh?
[gasps]
[straining]
Come on! Let's help her!
Yeah!
Everyone!
Come on now,
put your backs
into it!
[all straining]
Hrrrgghh!
HuAAAHHH!
[awe]
Oohh...
[massive cheers]
Yeah! All right!
Now everyone,
get inside,
quickly!
We did it!
We made it!
Huh?
Queen Sara!
What are you doing?!
Where are you going?
There's still something
that I have left to do.
Naruto!
Hrgh, Damn it.
Everyone made it into
the inner garden safely.
That's great.
[stomping]
I found you! Sara!
As I thought: while the
source of the Ley Line
remains open, Anrokuzan
will have unlimited power.
No matter what, I'm going to
have to go shut it down.
Yeah. It's up to you.
Right!
And I'll make sure
he doesn't follow you!
Multi Shadow Clone Jutsu!
You sneaky little brat!
I'm not done yet!
Ley Line: Great Dragon Fire!
[weary panting]
Damn it, he just has
so much chakra!
But...
...there is absolutely no way...
You'll get by!
I'll stop the source of
the Ley Line's power!
There's only one
thing left to do!
Right!
Here we go!
[fainting]
It's all yours!
Wind Style!
Rasen Shuriken!
Take this!
Wha?
Huh??
Naruto!
What's the matter, Leaf brat?!
Damn it...
I don't have enough
chakra left...
Are you finished already?
Die!
Are you
all right?
Okay, I'll strike at
his weak spot.
When I do, hurl your
Rasengan right at it!
I can't.
I can't infuse
anymore chakra.
I'll give you some
of my strength.
Won't work. Rasengan's the
Fourth Hokage's own jutsu.
Only Pervy Sage and I
know how to use it.
Of course!
That's why I
know it, too.
Huh?
Come on.
Just put out
your right hand.
Okay...
[gasp]
So you still have some
chakra left, do you?
A Rasengan?!
No way. How's it possible?!
'Cause when similar
Chakra Natures merge they
strengthen each other.
And when that happens,
the end result is...
an ultimate,
Supreme Rasengan!
What the hell-?!
This is it!
Ultimate, Supreme
Rasengan!
Whatever that jutsu is,
I'll still send you to hell!
and Sara's next!
Now, I shall reveal to you,
my most powerful jutsu!
Ley Line: Ultimate
Dragon Fire Jutsu!
What?
Shuriken
Shadow Clone!
[straining]
Regeneration Jutsu!
Naruto! His weak
spot is right there!
What have you done, Sara?!
I trust you to
finish this up!
Okay!
You got it!
HaaaaAAA!!
No! I won't let you!
Supreme Rasengan!
HAAAA!
What?!
Yeeeaaaahhrrghh!
Blargh...
Unghh...
My plan! The Five
Great Nations!
This can't be happening!
I was going to rewrite history!
I won't let it end like this!
If I fall, then so will you!
All of you will perish
along with the Ley Line!
That's not good!
The Ley Line's going
out of control!
Sara, quick! Run!
Aaaaahh!
Gotcha! I won't let go!
Whoa!
Watch out!
Wood Style!
Captain Yamato!
Everyone!
Hm?
Heh! That was
a close one!
Give me the Flying Raijin
Kunai I gave you before.
I need it to completely
seal the Ley Line.
Yeah...
Seal!
D'huh? What
is this?!
[Minato]
With Anrokuzan dead and the
Sealing Formula in place again,
the pendulum of time is
starting to swing back.
So the two of you are about to
be returned to your own era.
Kakashi, you completed
your mission, I see.
Kakashi... Sensei?!
Yeah, I sure did! And I also
saved this Hidden Leaf shinobi.
He was out cold by the front
gate, not a care in the world.
Aah!!
The heck was that for?!
Well, you're always picking
on me, so I figured I
couldn't pass up the chance.
What?
I'm honored
to meet you.
Huuh? Captain Yamato,
is this guy really-?!
Unfortunately,
it's time to go.
So you're...
You're really
leaving?
Yeah.
But Sara, Don't you realize?
You did what you had to do!
You're an
awesome queen!
So even if we're not here,
I know you're going to do
just fine.
Naruto, I'll never
forget you!
But we don't want to
change history...
It would be best if we
erase all memory of this.
So I'm going to use a Jutsu
Formula to make everyone forget.
Are you ready?
Wait, hold on! You said that
you'd talk to me after the
mission was complete!
I did. But I didn't
mean right now.
We'll meet again one day,
I'm sure that we will.
No, listen! I need to talk
to you about something
really important!
And unless I tell you right
now, I may never be able to!
I know the day will come
when we'll meet again.
Suppress!
Please, wait!
By any chance...
Are you...
If I have a son, I can think
of no better wish for him
than to grow up to be
a shinobi like you.
Naruto...
Naruto! Thank you!
You were right!
Loran may end up in ruins,
but I'll still have the
most important part:
the people of this city!
I'll continue to do
whatever I have to do for
the sake of my people!
Because that's what you
taught me to do, Naruto!
Yeah, Sara!
As long as you stay gutsy
like that, then you can
achieve anything!
Naruto!
Narutoooo!
Are you all right, Naruto?!
Captain Yamato!
What's going on?
My head feels weird.
I can't remember a thing.
[Yamato]
Yeah, me either...
I wonder what happened.
So mukade just disappeared, huh?
You never found him?
What's the deal, Sakura?
Why did you stop like that?
Huh?
I was just passing by and sensed
a disturbance in the Ley Line,
so I thought that I'd
come check it out.
You sensed it?
A long time ago, my
mother was the Queen here
and ruled over Loran.
I inherited a little of her
ability to sense the Ley Line,
although I need this to do it.
Huh?
It's gone...
That sword is A Hidden
Leaf Chakra Blade!
It's my mother's most
precious keepsake.
She once told me that a
great hero appeared in a
dream and gave it to her.
You mean your mother,
the Queen?
That's right.
Loran was ravaged by war, and
the whole city was destroyed.
But thanks in large part to
the efforts of my mother,
our people managed to survive.
I intend to carry on her
will and live among the
people like she did.
Anyway, Sorry I took up
so much of your time.
Oh... Sure!
If you'll excuse me!
It's strange, I feel like I
know that girl from somewhere.
[sigh]
Look, will you stop
staring at her?!
It's creeping me out!
It's not like that!
It's not like that at all!
Yeah, right; I bet
you had perverted
dreams while you
were unconscious.
Augh! No! Actually, to
tell you the truth, it was
a really nice dream.
See? It was perverted.
No, it was a nice,
warm, cuddly dream!
Exactly!
Sakura!